OR2022 Workshop and Tutorial Submission 
17th International Open Repositories Conference, June 6th - 9th in Denver, Colorado, USAFor authors: Follow the directions in italics and where appropriate replace with your own content.A reminder that the theme for OR2022 is “Building Trust Together”. We particularly welcome submissions that reflect the conference theme and answer questions focused on ways repositories enable trust, integration, collaboration and sharing. See the Call for Proposals for more detail on the themes. You will be asked to select a sub-theme at the time of submission.
Title of Proposal
Presenter 1 name, affiliation, email address; Presenter 2 name, affiliation, email address
Abstract
Summary of your proposal; maximum 200 words. The abstract should be a concise summary of the audience, background, content, format and learning outcomes of your workshop or tutorial. You will copy and paste this into the submission system at the time of submission.
Keywords
List 3-4 key terms or phrases that describe the subject of the proposal.
Audience
Tell us in a sentence or two who is the likely audience for this. Some examples might be repository managers, developers, data producers, librarians, etc.
Length and number of attendees
What is the proposed session length? - 90 mins- 3 hours (half day)- 6 hours (whole day)What is the maximum number of attendees that could be accommodated?
Proposal (no longer than 2 pages)- Tell us what you will cover in the workshop or tutorial. - Why will your topic be of interest to the intended audience? - Include a description of the format(s) of your workshop or tutorial - e.g., group discussion, presenter-led theoretical instruction, hands-on exercises, or a mix of formats. - Provide some details on how you plan to engage the audience in the session. - Your proposal should be in English and no longer than 2 pages.
Learning outcomes
Briefly state the learning outcomes from your workshop or tutorial. Learning outcomes are statements of what the student should be able to do at the end of the workshop. For example: At the end of this workshop, students will be able to use the API to query the repository database.
Requirements
Briefly describe the requirements for your workshop or tutorial:- Technology and facilities required- Expectations of attendees (e.g. attendees will be expected to bring a laptop / install software before the session; attendees will need prior knowledge of a specific system)- Any other supplies or support required from the conference organisers